# MeSHelper
# Overview：The Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) thesaurus is a controlled vocabulary widely used in biomedical knowledge systems. This study proposes a novel framework called MeSHelper that takes advantage of a dynamic knowledge graph to predict whether the MeSH main headings (MHs) will evolve and which types of evolution they belong to. Specifically, we parsed the whole PubMed database and all MeSH releases to construct a dynamic semantic tree (DST) and a dynamic knowledge network (DKN) for characterizing the evolution patterns of MHs and creating prediction models. The results demonstrate that the DST-related features play a major role in predicting whether the MHs will be revised, namely the prediction performance achieves an F1 score of 92.07%.  And, the DST and DKN-related features are both crucial for predicting which types of MHs will evolve, and prediction performance achieves a Macro-F1 score of 72.15%, a Micro-F1 score of 84.09%, and a Weight-F1 score of 84.55%. The findings of this study contribute to not only constructing an automatic update model for domain thesauruses but also detecting the evolution trends of the domain knowledge system.
# Core contributions：In this work, we propose a novel framework called MeSHelper that takes advantage of the dynamic knowledge graph to improve the prediction performance of MHs revision. The main contributions of MeSHelper are as follows:
1.	The whole PubMed database and all MeSH releases are parsed to construct a dynamic semantic tree (DST) and a dynamic knowledge network (DKN).
2.	The genealogical information of DST and the network structure of DKN are adopted to design some features for constructing a predictive model using machine learning.
3.	The binary classification model is constructed to predict whether MHs will evolve or not.
4.	The multi-classification model is learned to predict which type the evolution belongs to.

